# 09/02/23

I thought it could be good to document my thoughts and process here, in the repository, as a mini-blog. This is attempt number 1, let's see how it goes.

So far this has been a fair bit more successful than previous attempts at 'at home' software projects, in that this is the third time I've come back to work at this one. That, for me, is pretty exciting!

## Intentions for tonight
- pull raw html from the site, save it somewhere
- make an effort at making the code handle exceptions nicely
- wrap some code in some unit tests
  - I'd like to try asking chat-gpt to write a unit test for a function

## Thoughts while working
- There are 18,000 riders on the procyclingstats website: I don't want to pull them all. I'll focus on WorldTour (UCI WorldTeams).


## Outcomes and closing

Well, I went off-track a little. I succeeded in pulling a raw html from the site nicely, storing it in a location outside of the repo. I enjoyed learning pathlib for this but feel more comfortable with os.path still. I went down the rabbit hole a little - thinking about how I might get what data about what rider in what team, so instead of focusing on making the code I'd just written robust, I found myself on a tangent.

I spent the bulk of my night figuring out how to parse 'BeautifulSoup'. It feels like I took nice steps forward with this, my knowledge of html before tonight was 1/10, now I understand tags, their strings and their attributes a little better. My code relies on for-loops for now, but maybe they can be eliminated with more rtfm? Regardless, I can grab a list of pro-cycling teams from a website now, that's a win.

I spend a couple of minutes signing up to chat-gpt too. The unit test it wrote for my function is quite entertaining if you can hunt it out!